updates to b2c page (#41631)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/develop/msal-net-aad-b2c-considerations.md

## Authority for a Azure AD B2C tenant and policy

> The authority to use is `https://{azureADB2CHostname}/tfp/{tenant}/{policyName}` where:

Reviewer: I believe `/tfp` can be omitted here, see https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/b2clogin#update-your-applications-and-apis

Author: The problem is, for MSAL .NET to work, we are still checking for /tfp/ internally, it's the only way we really know it's a b2c authority. I can look into making changes here, but this goes back to our earlier API review, that is now stalled. I will sync w/@jean-Marc Prieur on next steps we want to take. 

---
In reply to: [340101043](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs/pull/41631#discussion_r340101043) [](ancestors = 340101043)

Author: @mmacy also, what are your thoughts on starting to move from "policy" to "user flow" in our docs? i was going to do that here, but thought it was too much , and wanted to get your feedback first.

- `azureADB2CHostname` is the name of the Azure AD B2C tenant plus the host (for example `{your-tenant-name}.b2clogin.com`,

> - `tenant` is the full name of the Azure AD B2C tenant (including, for example, `{your-tenant-name}.onmicrosoft.com` or the GUID for the tenant, 

Reviewer 2: you need a closing parenthesis before "or"

Author: @jmprieur merci! #Resolved

> - `policyName` the name of the policy, or user flow, to apply (for instance "b2c_1_susi" for sign-up/sign-in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `policyName` the name of the policy or user flow to apply (for instance "b2c_1_susi" for sign-up/sign-in).
```

Author: thank you.

---
In reply to: [340105147](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs/pull/41631#discussion_r340105147) [](ancestors = 340105147)

> For more information, on the Azure AD B2C authorities, see this [documentation](/azure/active-directory-b2c/b2clogin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the Azure AD B2C authorities, see this [documentation](/azure/active-directory-b2c/b2clogin).
```

```csharp
IEnumerable<IAccount> accounts = await application.GetAccountsAsync();
AuthenticationResult ar = await application .AcquireTokenInteractive(scopes)
                                            .WithAccount(GetAccountByPolicy(accounts, policy))
                                            .WithParentActivityOrWindow(ParentActivityOrWindow)
                                            .ExecuteAsync();

> ```

Reviewer 2: @jennyf19 don't you think we should show the full code for the Sisu policy, which catches the password reset exception and triggers the password reset policy ?

Author: @jmprieur I don't think so. When. We redo our b2c docs we can consider doing that. Also, soon, I think, password reset will be under su_si user flow, so we won't need that extra code.

Reviewer 2: thanks for confirming, @jennyf19

with:

- `policy` being one of the previous strings (for instance `PolicySignUpSignIn`).

> - `ParentActivityOrWindow` is an optional parameter, for platforms supporting it, the parent UI (window in Windows, Activity in Android, UIViewController in iOS). For Android (all flows) and iOS (broker only) this parameter is required. See more information [here on the UI dialog](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/wiki/Acquiring-tokens-interactively#withparentactivityorwindow).

Reviewer: This would seem to indicate that for Android, it's optional (emphasis mine):

> `ParentActivityOrWindow` is an **optional parameter**, for platforms supporting it, the parent UI (window in Windows, **Activity in Android**, UIViewController in iOS).

Yet, in the next sentence, it's  required:

> For Android (all flows) and iOS (broker only) this parameter is required.

I'm not familiar with the programming model on this platform, but perhaps can be reworded to be a bit clearer?

Author: I see...thanks for the feedback @marsh Macy good point. Android requires an activity, as does windows, but it's optional in iOS, but now w/our broker support in iOS, developers need to set the window for iOS as well. So it's a little confusing. Will fix the wording. And, i don't think our brokers support b2c yet, so no need to mention them here anyway.

---
In reply to: [340109685](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs/pull/41631#discussion_r340109685) [](ancestors = 340109685)

  }
  ```

> Applying a policy, or user flow, (for example, letting the end user edit their profile or reset their password) is currently done by calling `AcquireTokenInteractive`. In the case of these two policies you don't use the returned token / authentication result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applying a policy or user flow, (for example, letting the end user edit their profile or reset their password) is currently done by calling `AcquireTokenInteractive`. In the case of these two policies, you don't use the returned token / authentication result.
```

## Special case of EditProfile and ResetPassword policies

> When you want to provide an experience where your end-users sign in with a social identity, and then edit their profile, you want to apply the Azure AD B2C Edit Profile policy. The way to do this, is by calling `AcquireTokenInteractive` with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you want to provide an experience where your end users sign in with a social identity and then edit their profile, you want to apply the Azure AD B2C Edit Profile policy. The way to do this is by calling `AcquireTokenInteractive` with
```

> the specific authority for that policy and a Prompt set to `Prompt.NoPrompt` to avoid the account selection dialog to be displayed (as the user is already signed-in and has an active cookie session).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the specific authority for that policy, and a Prompt set to `Prompt.NoPrompt` to prevent the account selection dialog from being displayed (as the user is already signed in and has an active cookie session).
```

This flow is **not recommended** because your application asking a user for their password is not secure. For more information about this problem, see [this article](https://news.microsoft.com/features/whats-solution-growing-problem-passwords-says-microsoft/). 

> By using username/password, you are giving-up a number of things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using username/password, you are giving up a number of things:
```

> - Core tenants of modern identity: password gets fished, replayed. Because we have this concept of a share secret that can be intercepted. This is incompatible with passwordless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Core tenets of modern identity: password gets fished, replayed. Because we have this concept of a share secret that can be intercepted. This is incompatible with passwordless.
```

Author: nice catch. lol.

---
In reply to: [340112662](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs/pull/41631#discussion_r340112662) [](ancestors = 340112662)
